Here at Global Storm we have extensive experience designing and developing IIoT (Industrial Internet of Things) solutions. We can help all industries collect vast amounts of data from anything that moves, rotates, vibrates, heats, shrinks or expands.

Today's industry uses multitudes of machines from simple to very complicated ones. Most Industrial machines often come with sophisticated control and management software that can help operators with diagnosing problems and in some instances even resolve those problems automatically. 

However what is less known across most industries is that the control software in most industrial machines can also produce vast amounts of data.  At first glance that data may seem unusable outside of the scope of the machine itself but when this data is collected and combined with other sources of data then fed into our machine learning models, magic starts to happen.

From the data we collect and process we can tell if the machine is currently operating within its optimum working state and tell exactly when something is not right in real-time! For example we can tell if the compressor inside the machine is about to break just like a good old mechanic who can tell if something is wrong by just listening to the engine. This is called predictive maintenance.

We can also use our smart models to produce a report called overall equipment effectiveness or OEE for short. For example if an injection moulding machine produces data when it starts and ends producing a single part we can use this data to tell what overall role the machine plays in the entire production line and how effectively it does it. When we augment this information with the machine's energy consumption data which can be reported by the machine or extracted from other sources we can even tell how much energy was used to produce a single product. With this kind of information a manufacturer can determine the exact cost of producing a product and identify bottlenecks in their factory.
